The parts are like red and black, a total of 16 pieces. There are six fingers, and they are also open for money, so I don&#39;t want to wait a second time. Then there is also an unexpected treasure of ten yuan. I didn&#39;t expect it because the front of the mobile phone is really not worth much, so we still use the finger guard to restore the naked eye makeup as much as possible. First of all, the one in Black Harbor must be moved to Xiaoyan&#39;s marketing giant of 380,000. Hehe, when you think this sponge head looks convenient and can be worn with T When you apply it with your hands, you actually still have to use your hands to even it out. The dark circles under your eyes are not covered by your hands. The main focus is on one body and white cloth strips. After the base makeup is applied, the concealer power is still only 30%, and the eyes are still dry. The main net No. 02 is not much to say about the color of this body. It is directly combined with the base makeup in two steps. Then it is raised. The makeup is well covered. Half of it is like the base makeup. You will be brought out next time. I feel that it is not implemented. It will come out next time. What should I eat? What kind of makeup is it? Another concealer is also a color matching problem. The concealer makes the dark circles darker. The speed is even more amazing. It&#39;s just one eye. The concealer on the hand is already a whole degree darker. This eye is a white eye. There is a concealer on the steel. You can take away all the seven or eight things once you put on the makeup. Why can&#39;t I wear Red Butterfly? Have you really not seen it? I thought it was a piece by a piece. After saying it, I touched it. Do you want to put it on your face? It&#39;s too thick. Do you want to put it on your eyes? It ruins other people&#39;s hearts. You are so good. There is also a green flash here. I took a little red on the nose wing, but I took too much and the nose wing was directly stuck. Green. If you take too little, the red is really not visible. If you really look at it, I declare that they are stuck in powder and thickness. This is especially for dry skin. After one day of installation, the feet are stuck, the powder is stuck, and the flaws are all removed. Your pores are directly stuck with white grease. Flaws and it is also completely removed. It is better not to fold it. Just like this, two strips of color are made with feet. Eight-way beer, beer, beer, no matter what flashes on the face, the red bee becomes a flash. Can you see that these are three colors? No, it is amazing. Listen to one directly from the moment you open the lid, you can&#39;t tell the difference between the two. That is not the dark skin color, that is the three soul fish color. It&#39;s just that the folded haze is not a mouth. Thank you for coming to SonyTermint packaging directly copied Fortunately, this color is understood. The enemy&#39;s base makeup flaws are all calm and sinking. Once it is removed, the flaws are removed in the middle. The four sides are no longer folded. The card is the body. I am afraid that others don&#39;t know that there are flaws here. Fortunately, there are red ones like Red Earth and Dexian. You can choose one of the two because you can take a little and protect it. It is very good. It is not open. It belongs to the installation of hidden stacking. Grab it and stack it back and forth. Fold it alone and it will not get stuck. The powder floats. What does it mean? The powder is very delicious. It is fine to be able to hold it precisely. This is suitable for beginners. There are some small blemishes that need to be repeatedly layered. The powder is also very fine, but it is more suitable for blemishes that are not so heavy. I want to layer it cleanly in one or two times. You can use FORWATCH. It is also a single color. The texture is sticky but very even, so it will be more smooth. For dark circles like mine, they have been changed one by one. Even for a little assistant, If you are used to using concealer palettes, I recommend DPU and CC. The DPU has a higher coverage of 6-7 layers. Except for the 3000 color, which is slightly brighter, the other colors are very bright. After resisting, the second layering blends very well. CC is more suitable for veterans, as long as you don&#39;t have obvious fine lines. I definitely changed this the first time I used it. The concealer is pretty good. I said that and I don&#39;t want to use it again. It&#39;s CC. The first bend is clean. It includes the old eight kinds of flaws. Every inch of the flaws cost twelve yuan. I used that kind of concealer that cost hundreds of yuan before. What about the three-image 7K sunscreen red band? It&#39;s already arranged for you. It&#39;s over. I quickly sent it to everyone. If you want to test anything else, then go to the comments and listen.